Adds VS Code extension information to docs. Closes: #5796 (#5797)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/user-guide/using-cli-vs-code-extension.mdx

---
title: Use CLI for Microsoft 365 VS Code extension
sidebar_position: 13
---

# Use CLI for Microsoft 365 VS Code extension

> If you like using Visual Studio Code to write scripts as your day-to-day tool then you might want to try the CLI for Microsoft 365 VS Code extension to boost your productivity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like using Visual Studio Code to write scripts as your day-to-day tool then you might want to try the CLI for Microsoft 365 Visual Studio Code extension to boost your productivity. 
```

It provides various features that may be helpful when creating scripts using CLI for Microsoft 365.

> You may download the VS Code extension directly from the [VS Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=adamwojcikit.cli-for-microsoft-365-extension) or install it from the VS Code extension gallery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may download the VS Code extension directly from the [Visual Studio Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=adamwojcikit.cli-for-microsoft-365-extension) or install it from the VS Code extension gallery.
```

> Currently, the extension provides the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of this writing, this extension has the following features.
```

> ## Full docs for every CLI for Microsoft 365 command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrated docs for every CLI for Microsoft 365 command
```

The extension allows you to browse CLI for Microsoft 365 docs about every command inside VS Code. 

![Docs view](../images/cli-vs-code-extension/Docs.png)

> No more transition between the code editor and browser is needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No more switching between your IDE and browser is needed. 
```

> It is possible to go to docs original website location and also open a sample gallery showing all samples using the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a single click, you can open the docs page in your default browser, or open a sample gallery showing all samples using the command.
```

> ## Samples gallery with samples

Reviewer: If I'm not mistaken, it's `sample gallery` (singular). Also `with samples` is quite obvious I think 😊

```suggestion
## Sample gallery
```

The samples gallery allows you to browse all samples available for CLI for Microsoft 365 directly from CLI and PnP Script samples.
From the samples gallery, you may go to the sample location or create a file prefilled with the CLI for Microsoft 365 script. 

> It is possible to search for samples by title, authors, and commands used in samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to search for samples by title, authors, and commands used in samples.
```

![samples view](../images/cli-vs-code-extension/Samples.png)

## Snippets with all possible commands

> The extension provide coding snippets for every CLI for Microsoft 365 command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension provides coding snippets for every CLI for Microsoft 365 command. 
```

The command is added with all obligatory parameters. 
It is possible to quickly move between parameters using `Tab` key. 

> Each CLI command snippet is also provided with the same description as may be found in the docs which is a great help to quickly understand the commands functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each CLI command snippet is also provided with the same description as may be found in the docs which is a great help to quickly understand the command's functionality.
```
